ALEC-227: ALEC docs: update installation section (#101)
OpenNMS/alec: docs/modules/admin/pages/verifying.adoc

> = Maintenance Tasks
> :imagesdir: ../assets/images

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:imagesdir: ../assets/images
= Maintenance Tasks
```

> The procedures in this section describe maintenance tasks you may want to perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedures in this section describe maintenance tasks that you may want to perform.
```

> The procedures in this section describe maintenance tasks that you may want to perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes maintenance tasks that you may want to perform.
```

> They apply to basic and distributed deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They apply to both basic and distributed installations.
```

== Test syslog message handling

> To verify that syslog messages are being properly converted to alarms and show that ALEC can create a situation from multiple alarms, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to verify that syslog messages are being properly converted to alarms, and that ALEC can create a situation:
```

> .Provision a node for the `localhost` in OpenNMS:
> 
> ```
> $OPENNMS_HOME/bin/provision.pl requisition add alec
> $OPENNMS_HOME/bin/provision.pl node add alec localhost localhost
> $OPENNMS_HOME/bin/provision.pl interface add alec localhost 127.0.0.1
> $OPENNMS_HOME/bin/provision.pl requisition import alec
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Provision a node for the `localhost` in OpenNMS:
[source]
----
$OPENNMS_HOME/bin/provision.pl requisition add alec
$OPENNMS_HOME/bin/provision.pl node add alec localhost localhost
$OPENNMS_HOME/bin/provision.pl interface add alec localhost 127.0.0.1
$OPENNMS_HOME/bin/provision.pl requisition import alec
----
```

----

IMPORTANT: This assumes that the localhost is running an SNMP agent.

> .Set the `ifDescr` for an interface on the node we just provisioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Set `ifDescr` for an interface on the provisioned node:
```

> .Set the `ifDescr` for an interface on the node we just provisioned.
> 
> ```
> export IFDESCR="eth0"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Set the `ifDescr` for an interface on the node we just provisioned.
[source]
export IFDESCR="eth0"
```

> .Trigger a Syslog message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Trigger a syslog message:
```

> .Trigger a Syslog message:
> 
> ```
> echo "<189>: $(date +"%Y %b %d %H:%m:%S %Z"): %ETHPORT-5-IF_DOWN_LINK_FAILURE: Interface $IFDESCR is down (Link failure)" | nc -v -u 127.0.0.1 10514
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.Trigger a Syslog message:
[source]
----
echo "<189>: $(date +"%Y %b %d %H:%m:%S %Z"): %ETHPORT-5-IF_DOWN_LINK_FAILURE: Interface $IFDESCR is down (Link failure)" | nc -v -u 127.0.0.1 10514
----

```

> We expect to see a new "interface down" alarm attached to the node we just provisioned:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see a new "interface down" alarm attached to the node that you just provisioned:
```

> You should see a new "interface down" alarm attached to the node that you just provisioned:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see a new "interface down" alarm associated with the node that you just provisioned:
```

image::verify_ifdown_example.png[Interface down alarm,600]

> TIP: If the Syslog message is not being recognized and bring formatted to a proper event and alarm, ensure that the `opennms-alec-plugin` feature is running in OpenNMS and that the related bundles are active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If the Syslog message is not being recognized and formatted to a proper event and alarm, ensure that the `opennms-alec-plugin` feature is running in OpenNMS and that the related bundles are active.
```

> TIP: If the Syslog message is not being recognized and formatted to a proper event and alarm, ensure that the `opennms-alec-plugin` feature is running in OpenNMS and that the related bundles are active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If the syslog message is not being recognized and formatted as a proper event and alarm, ensure that the `opennms-alec-plugin` feature is running in OpenNMS and that the related bundles are active.
```

> .Next, trigger a second alarm against this same interface:
> 
> ```
> echo "<189>: $(date +"%Y %b %d %H:%m:%S %Z"): %PKT_INFRA-LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface $IFDESCR, changed state to Down" | nc -v -u 127.0.0.1 10514
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Trigger a second alarm against this same interface:
[source]
----
echo "<189>: $(date +"%Y %b %d %H:%m:%S %Z"): %PKT_INFRA-LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface $IFDESCR, changed state to Down" | nc -v -u 127.0.0.1 10514
----

```

> If both of these alarms are triggered together in a small enough window of time (within one minute for the purposes of this example), ALEC should automatically create a situation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both of these alarms are triggered within a brief window of time (within one minute, for the purposes of this example), ALEC should automatically create a situation:
```

> If both of these alarms are triggered within a brief window of time (within one minute, for the purposes of this example), ALEC should automatically create a situation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both alarms are triggered within a brief window of time (within one minute, for the purposes of this example), ALEC should automatically create a situation:
```

> == View the ALEC graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== View network inventory graph
```

> At any time, you can export the ALEC graph to view the inventory and alarms in context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At any time, you can export the network inventory graph that ALEC maintains to view your network's inventory, alarms, and situations in context.
```

.Export the ALEC graph from a Karaf shell:

```
opennms-alec:export-graph dbscan /tmp/dbscan.graph.xml

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Export the ALEC graph from a Karaf shell:
[source, karaf]
opennms-alec:export-graph dbscan /tmp/dbscan.graph.xml
```

> .Export the ALEC graph from a Karaf shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Export the ALEC graph:
```

> NOTE: If ALEC is running on Sentinel, make sure to run this from the Sentinel shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If ALEC is running on Sentinel, make sure to run this command from the Sentinel Karaf shell.
```

> .Import the graph into OpenNMS:
> 
> ```
> curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -u admin:admin -d@/tmp/dbscan.graph.xml 'http://localhost:8980/opennms/rest/graphml/alec'
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Import the graph into OpenNMS:
[source]
----
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -u admin:admin -d@/tmp/dbscan.graph.xml 'http://localhost:8980/opennms/rest/graphml/alec'
----
```

> NOTE: If you get an error that a `"Graph with name alec already exists"`, you can delete the previous graph using: `curl -X DELETE -u admin:admin 'http://localhost:8980/opennms/rest/graphml/alec'` and try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If a "Graph with name alec already exists" error is displayed, delete the previous graph using the following command: `curl -X DELETE -u admin:admin 'http://localhost:8980/opennms/rest/graphml/alec'`.
After the graph is deleted, you can try to create it again by following the steps above.
```

.Next, navigate to the topology map, and view the graph named "alec".

> The resulting graph from the previous example looks like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the graph is created, you can navigate to the OpenNMS topology map to view it.
The graph resulting from this example is displayed as below:
```

> image::verify_topology_example.png[Topology,600]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::verify_topology_example.png[Network topology map, 600]
```
